How to play Pokémon TCG

After creating your profile, you will have 15 cards out of a possible 69.
Your goal? Of course, to catch them all!

To get new cards, you will need to win duels against other trainers.
In a duel, the winner takes the cards that the opponent played.

Fortunately, only 5 cards are playable per player.
So you will first need to go through your cards obtained at the beginning and select the five you want.
Be careful, if you lose your next duel, you will lose these five cards!
So be careful, you never know who you might come across!

For your information, you can't have two identical cards in your deck, otherwise you will lose the card permanently!

When you are ready, select an arena and it's time for the du-du-du-duel!
Uh no, that's not the right universe…

Each player chooses their first card without knowing the other's (they don't know the rest of the deck either).

At the beginning of each turn, the player can either change cards, flee, or attack.
If they change cards, the new one replaces the old one and the turn ends.
If they want to flee, they have a x% chance of stopping the fight, otherwise it continues.
If they want to attack, they can perform an action possible for the Pokemon (which is on the card and possible within the limitations of the game).

Once the turn is over, it is the opponent's turn.
The opponent (robot) will always attack with the action that deals the most damage possible to the player.

Types are taken into account.

When a player's Pokemon is KO,
If they have any left, they can choose to replace it with one of their remaining Pokemon,
If they don't have any left, it's the end of the fight, they lose their cards.

When an opponent's Pokemon is KO,
If they have any left, they randomly replace it with one of their remaining Pokemon,
If they don't have any left, it's the end of the fight, the player gets the opponent's cards if they don't already have them.

If the player flees,
They lose their KO'd Pokemon.

And there you have it, you have completed your first duel. So was it a positive experience?

If you lose all your cards, it's game over!
Until you create a new profile!

You can give up and start the adventure over at any time by deleting your profile.
This option is available from the main menu or the profile settings.